bens-boilerplate
================

A boilerplate starter for full stack JS development using Node/Express, Grunt, Backbone, Marionette, Requirejs, Less, Handlebars & Google Analytics.


Getting started
===============

1. Clone/fork this repository
2. npm install
3. bower install
4. grunt

Working with the boilerplate
============================
The default grunt task sets up a development server on port 8080 and watches for changes to source code in the client/js directory.
Changed files are linted (jshint) and then copied to the public directory (the web root) verbatim.

The "grunt build" task runs the code from client/js via the requirejs optimiser and places the output in the public directory to be served by express.

Note that the public directory is periodically cleaned. Eg. Don't put source code in here, or it will be overwritten/deleted.

Project layout
==============
- client
    Contains client side source code (.js, .less etc)
  - vendor
    Contains bower components. Mounted by express as /vendor
- public
    The web root where files are served over http. Note that all content in this directory is/should be generated by the build script or similar.
- server
    The code to run the nodejs/express dev server.
- templates
    Shared (client and server) templates directory. By default uses handlebars templates.

Configuration
=============
There is a config.json file that contains settings for each environment, such as the google analytics tracking code id and the base path to static assets.
The assetPath setting is best set to '' (nothing) for development but can be used to serve static files from a CDN or other remote host in staging/production environments.

Google Analytics
================
If you want to test google analytics locally, it's best to use 127.0.0.1 (or another resolvable hostname/ip) over localhost, otherwise tracking events will not be sent (hostname mismatch).
Likewise, the dev analytics account needs to be set to the same hostname.